# "Say Hi!", they said

- Hey! I’m Andrii aka [@anleo](https://github.com/anleo). 
- Nowadays I'm positioning myself as JS developer. I'm interested in Frontend technologies as much as Backend ones, including databases, real-time messaging and so on. Also I have average expertise in Design & UI/UX. Not a big fan, but I'm pretty sure I can advice in some cases related to this field. 
- Now I'm torn between: 
  - GameDev -- I'm trying to dig into Phaser.io or some other simple examples of game creation on JS + HTML5. Not a professional, but just having a fun with this.
  - Gaming! -- I will not pretend that it's only childish cr@p and grown ones should avoid spending time on this because of all seriousness in real life around. C'mon! It's fun and gives some refresh and relaxing. Cyberpunk 2077... It was a dream-come-true and love at first sight game! Too pity, that guys have such massive downsides at first run. I still love it and waiting for updates. Now I'm diggin' into brutal vikings regular life at Valheim's. And I need to confess -- Gabe Newell has stole all my money! Anyway, If you fond of gaming and you need a partner, you know where to find one! ;)
  - IoT -- Sounds a bit loud for the level of my envole in this... I just bouth Raspberry PI to play with it and make some Ad blocker in my home network. Also I held soldering-iron in hands few times. Should be enough for the start! ;)
  - Music -- I'm still found of playing guitar, bass, dreaming about my home studio with real acoustic drums. Other day I found myself tweaking a Moog DFAM to get some nasty sounds from it to cover my hunger of analogue synth sounds. And many more! Some results of experiments you can find [here](https://soundcloud.com/illusionofsilence/tracks) \m/. As a developer I've tried to code some VST plugins few times, but C++ is a bit out of my scope for now. But... JUCE! I'll fight you some day! ;)
  - Blogging/Writing -- Still curious about sharing some thoughts about technologies, environment, people, some relations between "Big Brother" and regular citizens, design and user experience in real world. Also I've thoughts about increasing standards of living. Some of these thoughts are Utopia dream, but some of them could be useful, I think. Back to reality... I've just runned hosting with some blank pages, but who knows, maybe it will grow some day and I'll share it with you? (Or not, AWS keeps billing me already for months and I still haven't changed a line of code yet... X____x Lazy @$$, I know)
